# airline
  On this project, my partner and I had to create an airline WPF project to manage the flight/front desk for the airline.  We decided to do a bit of research on how airlines are managed.  We discovered that if a plane was traveling South or/and West then the flight number would be an odd number.  And if it were going North or/and East then it would be an even number.  We also researched a bit on how big airplanes differ from small airplanes.  For example, a bigger airplane would have a lot more seating, and it will have a bigger range of travel due to a bigger capacity of fuel.  After a few hours of research, my partner and I got back together to discuss our findings and to construct a viable foundation for our project.  We decided that the best way to approach this would be to try to initially keep it simple and operational.  Following this protocol, we designed a fairly easy gui that would implement the use of buttons and text boxes.  Our 2 small planes would not have any 1st class seats, our medium planes would go a bit further with 10 1st class seats, and our big planes would be able to traverse the entire US with 25 1st class seats.  1st class seats would be a set price of  200$ whilst the coach seat are set at 100$.  At this point in the project, we have already done a lot of research on MVVM and we wanted to implement it even if it were only a bit of  the logic of MVVM.  We decided to keep our viewmodel true to the MVVM format and decided  to separate the view and the business logic.  I feel like this was the biggest hurdle in this project thus far.  Luckily for my partner and I, we had a few instructors to help push us in the right direction.  This was also the 1st project in which the instructors didn't exactly teach us everything that we needed to know to complete the project.  They wanted us to do a lot of critical researching to teach ourselves.  It was very frustrating at times but luckily my partner and I got along really well and we stayed on the right track.  Overall, I learned a lot about the MVVM format and a bit of data binding as well.
